docs: edit intro testing page (#38006)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/continuous-integration.md

Your project should start building.

For more information, see the [Circle CI documentation](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/).

## Configuring Travis CI

Travis CI automatically builds and tests the changes you make to your code and lets you know if those changes are successful.

1. Create a file called `.travis.yml` at the project root, with the following content:

  ```
  dist: trusty
  sudo: false

  language: node_js
  node_js:
    - "10"

  addons:
    apt:
      sources:
        - google-chrome
      packages:
        - google-chrome-stable

  cache:
    directories:
       - ./node_modules

  install:
    - npm install

  script:
    - npm run test -- --no-watch --no-progress --browsers=ChromeHeadlessCI
    - npm run e2e -- --protractor-config=e2e/protractor-ci.conf.js
  ```

1. Commit your changes and push them to your repository.

1. [Sign up for Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org) and [add your project](https://travis-ci.org/getting_started).
To trigger a build, push a new commit or use the Travis dashboard UI.

For more information about Travis CI testing, see the [Travis CI documentation](https://docs.travis-ci.com/).

## Configuring the CLI for CI testing in Chrome

> You can  adjust your configuration to run the Chrome browser tests when running the Angular CLI commands `ng test` and `ng e2e`.

Reviewer: I suspect you're right. We haven't explained headless mode in this section, as far as I can tell.

> You can  adjust your configuration to run the Chrome browser tests when running the Angular CLI commands `ng test` and `ng e2e`.

Reviewer 2: I'd rephrase this as:
> Angular CLI is configured to run Chrome out of the box, but such configuration usually does not work on CI due to the lack of a windowing system. For automated testing environment, we need to update the CLI configuration to run the Chrome browser in a [headless](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/04/headless-chrome) environment.

> You can  adjust your configuration to run the Chrome browser tests when running the Angular CLI commands `ng test` and `ng e2e`.

Reviewer: >For automated testing environment**s** (...)

> You can  adjust your configuration to run the Chrome browser tests when running the Angular CLI commands `ng test` and `ng e2e`.

Reviewer 3: +1, that sounds great to me

> There are configuration files for both the [Karma JavaScript test runner](https://karma-runner.github.io/latest/config/configuration-file.html)
> and [Protractor](https://www.protractortest.org/#/api-overview) end-to-end testing tool,
> which you must adjust to start Chrome without sandboxing.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An Angular project typically contains configuration files for both unit tests (with the [Karma test runner](https://karma-runner.github.io/latest/config/configuration-file.html)) and end-to-end tests (with [Protractor](https://www.protractortest.org/#/api-overview)). You can control the browser in which
your tests run by modifying these files as below. These configurations include the `--headless` flag to run Chrome without bringing up the browser's full user interface.
```

The `--no-sandbox` bit here is tricky. The Chrome team pretty strong discourages use of this flag because it's a potential security pitfall. However, omitting this flag would mean that the user has to do additional setup with their container image, and that depends on the environment. There's also official articles for [Headless Chrome](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/04/headless-chrome) and [Automated testing with headless Chrome](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/06/headless-karma-mocha-chai), but that content wouldn't cover Protractor, which is an Angular-specific thing. 

So... maybe something like
```markdown
These examples also use the `--no-sandbox` flag, which
[disables Chrome's sandboxing feature](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/puppeteer/troubleshooting#setting_up_chrome_linux_sandbox). This flag should only be used when testing code that you *completely trust*.
The setup to run headless Chrome to run with sandboxing enabled will vary based
on your CI environment.
```

# Setting up continuous integration

> Continuous integration (CI) servers let you set up your project repository so that your tests run on every commit and pull request, which helps minimize bugs in your project.

Reviewer 4: Continuous integration (CI) *servers*, or *services*?

> There are paid CI services like Circle CI and Travis CI, or you can host your own for free using services such as Jenkins.
> Although Circle CI and Travis CI are paid services, they are free for open source projects.
> You can create a public project on GitHub and add these services without paying.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can select one of several CI services. Popular choices include Circle CI and Travis CI, which are paid services that have a free option for open source projects. You can also host your own CI using services such as Jenkins.
```

> Contributions to the Angular repo automatically run through a whole suite of Circle CI tests.

Reviewer 4: Is this sentence necessary? Are we explaining how to contribute code to Angular, or how users can test their own code? If the latter, I don't think this sentence is required.

  jobs:
    build:
      working_directory: ~/my-project
      docker:
        - image: circleci/node:10-browsers
      steps:
        - checkout
        - restore_cache:
            key: my-project-{{ .Branch }}-{{ checksum "package-lock.json" }}
        - run: npm install
        - save_cache:
            key: my-project-{{ .Branch }}-{{ checksum "package-lock.json" }}
            paths:
              - "node_modules"
        - run: npm run test -- --no-watch --no-progress --browsers=ChromeHeadlessCI
        - run: npm run e2e -- --protractor-config=e2e/protractor-ci.conf.js
  ```

  This configuration caches `node_modules/` and uses [`npm run`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/run-script) to run CLI commands, because `@angular/cli` is not installed globally.
  These commands use the double dash (`--`) to pass arguments into the `npm` script.

1. Commit your changes and push them to your repository on GitHub.

1. [Sign up for Circle CI](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/first-steps/#section=getting-started) and add your project.
Your project should start building.

For more information, see the [Circle CI documentation](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/).

## Configuring Travis CI

> Travis CI automatically builds and tests changes you make to your code and lets you know if those changes are successful.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Travis CI automatically builds and tests the changes you make to your code and lets you know if those changes are successful.
```

1. Create a file called `.travis.yml` at the project root, with the following content:

  ```
  dist: trusty
  sudo: false

  language: node_js
  node_js:
    - "10"

  addons:
    apt:
      sources:
        - google-chrome
      packages:
        - google-chrome-stable

  cache:
    directories:
       - ./node_modules

  install:
    - npm install

  script:
    - npm run test -- --no-watch --no-progress --browsers=ChromeHeadlessCI
    - npm run e2e -- --protractor-config=e2e/protractor-ci.conf.js
  ```

>   This configuration is almost the same as the Circle CI configuration.

Reviewer 4: Line 82 (and maybe 83) aren't necessary. They assume that users have read the previous section, but they might not have. They're just as likely to skip to this section because they want to use Travis CI.

  However, since Travis doesn't come with Chrome, this configuration uses Chromium instead.

1. Commit your changes and push them to your repository.

1. [Sign up for Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org) and [add your project](https://travis-ci.org/getting_started).
To trigger a build, push a new commit or use the Travis dashboard UI.

For more information about Travis CI testing, see the [Travis CI documentation](https://docs.travis-ci.com/).

## Configuring the CLI for CI testing in Chrome

You can  adjust your configuration to run the Chrome browser tests when running the Angular CLI commands `ng test` and `ng e2e`.

There are configuration files for both the [Karma JavaScript test runner](https://karma-runner.github.io/latest/config/configuration-file.html)
and [Protractor](https://www.protractortest.org/#/api-overview) end-to-end testing tool,
which you must adjust to start Chrome without sandboxing.

> <!-- What does sandboxing mean here? And does this mean to be starting chrome automatically as the goal? -->

Reviewer 4: Should this comment be addressed before we merge this PR?

Reviewer: To try to answer the question, it's about adding the `--no-sandbox` option as seen below.

This is an easy way to tell Chrome to trust all content. The alternative is to set up a Chrome sandbox as described here: https://developers.google.com/web/tools/puppeteer/troubleshooting#setting_up_chrome_linux_sandbox
